fix: fix asha max concurrent trials (#1719)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/1719-fix-asha-max-concurrent-trials.txt

:orphan:

**BUG FIXES**

> -  HP Search: Fix a bug where ``adaptive_asha`` could run higher max

Author: ```suggestion
-  HP Search: Fix a bug where ``adaptive_asha`` could run with more max
```
